part - time job for everyone bruceg @ em . ca

dear reader !
safe sales inc . search highly organized , responsible people for work as our escrow operator , in connection with expansion of services of our company and a network of ours offices worldwide .
at present vacancy - escrow operator is accessible to our company , work is home - based .
the position escrow operator demands from you skills of work with a computer and knowledge of work escrow services . there is a prospect of career growth . if you meet the requirements to the escrow operator your work will be reception of the finance and the goods from our clients , ncluding the various companies , handling and allocating of the finance and the goods . istructions you will receive from one of ours office coordinators . your earnings depends on you : the better you consult with the work - the above your salary and that more likely you can promote in our company .
at present there are but not available in our company following vacancies :
office coordinator - positive , team oriented work consists in direct work with clients and acceptance of orders from people and the companies acting as buyers or sellers .
finance coordinator - allocating of money resources , according to contracts with clients .
goods coordinator - distribution of goods , according to contracts with clients .
title representative - looking for quick learners with a positive attitude who have an interest in learning the title industry .
marketing coordinator - seeking a highly creative , organized team player who is proficient in ms office and aplications such as quark express , adobe photoshop , illustrator or pagemaker .
requirements to escrow operator :
reception and duly accomplishing of instructions from ours office coordinator in this connection it is necessary to receive e - mail some times in day and to answer phone calls during day .
you should maintain an account ( accounts ) in banks for acceptance of money from our clients and open accounts in banks accessible to you on requirements office operator for needs of our company .
we offer competitive compensation , including base salary , commission , and expense reimbursement approximate quantity of transactions per week depends only on your skills .
the employer will pay to the employee compensation at the rate of $ 14 , 400 . 00 per year , payable once a month in the day when agreement is in force .
to start to work in our company to you it is necessary to send us your resume .
as soon as we shall consider and we shall accept your resume to you it will be necessary to sign the contract and to send copies of the documents providing your identity then you will be assigned to our office coordinator .
if you were interested with our offer , please send us resume to :
job @ safe - sales . biz
recruitment department of safe sales inc .
http : / / www . safe - sales . biz
